[Music]
super mario sunshine yo man you wanna
you want to catch some rays on the beach
bro yeah bro relax bro yeah bro look up
shit thats wat sauce into this haha the
audacity it's a no from me I'm afraid of
snow yeah look at this little shit of
award come on your pajamas go hey that
was nice fucking get the fucking chubby
Oh jinkx is going with it boom that's
right my friend I don't know what am i
oh they know where I am they know where
I am they know where I am they know
where I am they know where I up we don't
where I up they don't worry up in your
own people how did you go yeah dude I
can't hold this won't be fucking for i
can t i can t hold it as too many Oh
sometimes they're sooo fucking minute
alright then you're fucking chubby is a
fucking pissing you honest horror godin
I'm going in come on go go
I want you didn't see that the new
Dragon shit uh oh they don't drag it jet
oh ah getting come
[Music]
natori shut up Jack I don't need your
shit right now I don't need your shit
right now ah ha ha ha ha no way did not
just look okay Oh daddy I'm gonna get it
yeah that's what I'm talking about top
here we see a trihard fame thinking she
can fuck me up oh well she's in for a
big surprise this bitch watch as I slap
her ass into the wall on hold yeah
[Applause]
[Music]